:memo: add supported torch versions (#528)
vllm-project/vllm-spyre: docs/getting_started/installation.md

Finally, `torch` is needed to run examples and tests. If it is not already installed,
install it using `pip`.

> The spyre runtime stack only supports a narrow range of torch versions. The suggested torch versions to use for a given version of torch_sendnn are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Spyre runtime stack only supports specific `torch` versions. Use the corresponding version for your `torch_sendnn` release:
```
